♪ There's no time to lose ♪
♪ You're the one I choose ♪
♪ You're so right ♪
Let's do it.
♪ Let's whip it. baby
Let's whip it right ♪
Let's whip it all night ♪
Check. check. One. two.
Good evening. Los Angeles.
I said
good evening. Los Angeles!
All right.
That's more like it.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
You already knew who'd it been
as well as
when we gave it to you
the first time.
Welcome to Cash Bar. y'all.
I'll be your host tonight.
BJ. aka Breezy.
It's Tuesday.
So you know what that means.
Two or more
will get you on the floor.
It's a group thing.
So while your money spends
and your back bends.
you better make a new friend
'cause tonight we're going in.
Mama!
♪ Want to see you whip it
Sure could treat you right ♪
♪ Give me just a minute
Of your time tonight ♪
♪ We both are here
To have some fun ♪
♪ So let it whip ♪
-Yeah! Whoo!
-Yeah!
Yeji!
Hot star!
- Yes. Yeji.
Come on!
- Yeji. Yeji!
Yeji! You look hot!
You're looking good!
I am not singing tonight.
Girl. yes. you are.
-Come on.
-What are you gonna sing. huh?
- Oh.
- TLC.
TLC? Okay.
-Or Destiny's Child.
-More like N.W.A.
- ♪ Oh. I ♪
♪ Won't waste your time ♪
♪ No I won't waste your time ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Something divine in you ♪
Where we at. Troy?
Come on.
- Whoo-hoo!
- Fall out.
-♪ Let's whip it. baby ♪
-Fall out.
- Come on. man.
- Seriously?
Every night
it's the same thing.
There he goes again.
Drum solo from my baby.
Come on. man!
Stop doing that!
Here he go
with that bullshit again.
Dude. come on.
-You gotta be kidding me.
-Does this every night.
Get off the stage. man.
Thank you. All right. y'all.
-I said.
"All right. y'all." All right.
-Hold on. hold on.
All right. y'all.
That was "Let It Whip"
by Dazz Band.
Thank you. everyone.
We're gonna
let the band take five.
But it's happy hour right now.
so make sure
you get your drink orders in.
And don't sleep
on the jalapeño poppers.
Jalapeño poppers?
Cash. what the hell
was that about?
Every night.
Hey. huh? What a set.
- Man.
- Sick solo.
Right?
I swear. man.
it don't get no better
than this.
Do me a favor. all of you.
One second.
Take a look out in that crowd.
Every night.
my fans show up in droves
to see the biggest
undiscovered drummer
front man since...
Phil Collins.
- Phil Collins?
- Really?
-I said it.
-Look. B. to be honest.
you're getting
real comfortable here.
You're stuck in your...
...own little world.
Sara. guess what she's doing.
She's drawing...
-At a bar.
-...at a bar.
Yeji. Hey. Why?
I am drawing in a bar
because the men in LA
are all fake. little.
emotionally unstable
man-babies
who act
like they're the prize.
But in actuality.
they've got no real drive
or plans.
Oh. and did I mention
they're utterly scared
of being committed?
I'm committed to the game.
Jack.
A little too committed.
if you ask me.
- Mm-hmm.
- Look. bro.
I'm headed
straight to the top.
And if you're afraid
of heights.
you're gonna get left
at the gates.
- I'm sorry. Hmm?
- This mother...
'Cause I'm ready to go.
-Can we go?
-No.
You're gonna sing one song.
- And you're gonna let loose.
all right?
I promise you.
it'll change your life.
Life is about moments.
gentlemen.
I'm feeling like tonight
could be ours.
-That's dramatic.
-I'm being serious.
You never know.
Fine.
Yo.
All right. party people.
we are back.
What's happening?
How you feeling?
Just checking the temperature.
What's going on?
All right. What we doing?
Another solo. Lenny Kravitz?
Oh.
Looks like we got
an empty slot. huh?
Where the ladies at?
What about you.
in the all-black?
Yeji.
Would you like to do a duet?
-This is your moment.
-Okay. okay. Uh...
- I wanna sing...
- You gotta speak up.
I'm sorry. like...
-Girl. come on.
-My lady.
-Oh. thank you.
-Thank you.
I want to sing "Weak."
Oh!
SWV. huh?
All right.
T.Nava?
Two. three. four.
Everybody
give my girl some love!
Whoo!
♪ I don't know what it is
That you've done to me ♪
♪ But it's caused me to act
In such a crazy way ♪
-♪ Whatever it is
That you do ♪
-God damn.
♪ What you do
When you're doing ♪
♪ It's a feeling
I want to stay ♪
-♪ 'Cause my-- ♪
-♪ 'Cause my heart
Starts beating ♪
♪ Triple time ♪
♪ With thoughts of loving you
On my mind ♪
♪ I can't figure out
Just what to-- ♪
♪ When the cause and cure
Is you. oh ♪
Whoo!
♪ I get so weak in the knees
I can hardly speak ♪
♪ I lose all control
And something takes over me ♪
♪ In a daze
We'll look so amazing ♪
♪ It's not a phase
I want you to stay with me ♪
♪ By my side
I swallow my pride ♪
♪ Your love is so sweet ♪
♪ It knocks me
Right off of my feet ♪
♪ Can't explain why your love
It makes me weak ♪
Fall out again!
Hold up. wait. Excuse me.
Yo.
Uh-huh. See. I know... Ah!
Oh. my goodness. God!
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. It's just. um...
- Whoa. whoa.
- Where you going?
Don't you want to know
how I got my Korean so good?
Okay. "good" is generous.
Your pronunciation is painful.
Ouch. Okay. I'll take that.
My dad was actually Korean.
He didn't stick around
for too long.
but I picked up what I could
- from...
- ...the television.
-Ugh.
-That was the last joke.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
Can I please know
what your name is?
It's Yeji.
Wow.
Yeji.
Um. hey.
You don't want
none of this potato salad?
I'm waiting.
-Got it. Can I? Thank you.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
God. mmm.
Oh. yeah.
I think that's the one.
That's the 153rd version.
You know how they say
that's the charmer.
We play a lot of my originals
at Cash Bar.
Haters always gonna hate.
But I know there's
a few people in there that
are really. really feeling it.
My true fans.
Right now. we got Tuesdays.
But once we get bumped up
to the weekends. it's a wrap.
I'm talking exposure.
drink tickets.
pre-rehearsal space.
Everything's happening.
President's Black.
This is really my year.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I'm guessing
you're speechless?
Dead or alive.
If you could have dinner
with any artist...
Hmm.
...who would it be? Besides me.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. You mean...
The BJ from
Grammy Award-winning mixtape.
"I Am BJ. BJ Is Me."
Exactly.
I get it cracking.
just like that egg.
Mm-hmm.
This looks amazing.
Who would you
have dinner with?
I'm staring at her.
Did you draw that?
-Um... yeah.
-That's sick.
You know what? That's crazy.
Can I play you something?
- This is the last one.
- Okay.
-No. this is the last one.
-Okay. okay.
Gotta do my artwork
for my cover art.
That's crazy.
-All right. It's not mixed.
-Okay.
Don't judge.
Let me know when you're ready.
-Ready. Ready.
-Ready?
♪ If these feelings
Don't lie ♪
♪ The least I can do
Is try to be honest ♪
You like it?
-♪ Everything feels right ♪
-Yeah.
♪ Since I left
All that luggage ♪
♪ At least three or four times
A day ♪
♪ I'll be speaking 'bout you
To my God ♪
♪ And pray all the demons
Go run and hide ♪
♪ Set me free
And we'll live our lives
Unashamed ♪
♪ My father threw in the towel
Too afraid of the heartbreak ♪
♪ But I can't go out
That way ♪
♪ Please don't go nowhere ♪
♪ It's best when we're close ♪
Check!
-You wanna go? Let's go.
-Yeah. I guess.
Yeah.
Let's just get out of here.
You got an extra helmet?
♪ I'm not afraid
When you hold me ♪
Ayo!
♪ 'Cause you never
Hold me back ♪
♪ And everything
That you told me ♪
♪ Imma hold you to that ♪
♪ And show it to you
Right back like that ♪
♪ These things
I swear. it's for you ♪
♪ I'll be there
Till the last ♪
♪ Weeks then flew by ♪
♪ As we spent all of our time
Watching sunsets ♪
♪ When heaven's in your eyes ♪
♪ My heart starts to confess ♪
♪ We seemed to meet
At both sides of fate ♪
♪ All the dreams
Became our real life ♪
♪ Tell the demons
Go run and hide ♪
♪ Set me free
And we'll live our lives
Unashamed ♪
♪ My father threw in the towel
Too afraid of the heartbreak ♪
♪ But I can't go out that way
No. no ♪
♪ Please don't go nowhere
It's best when we're close ♪
♪ Fingers run
'cross your shoulders ♪
Hey.
♪ I'll carry you home ♪
♪ And right
When the sun sets ♪
-♪ We'll hold
And then confess ♪
-BJ!
-♪ I'm all yours ♪
BJ. where have you been?
This is everything to me.
It's not just music.
It's my life!
Bye. BJ.
♪ These things I swear.
It's for you ♪
♪ I'll be there
Till the last ♪
♪ Yeah. baby ♪
♪ Oh. these things I swear.
It's for you ♪
♪ I'll be there
Till the last ♪
♪ Yeah. I will ♪
♪ These things. I swear ♪
Let it breathe.
♪ For you. I'll be there ♪
♪ Till the last ♪
Watch me next time.
Ah. here he go
with that bullshit again.
You've been singing
that same song
for the past 12 years.
I see Alice got you tripping.
Loser.
Huh?
Hey. hey.
Don't be brushing me off.
You're gonna go
turn your back on me?
You must be off
your goddamn meds.
Gregory. I'm sorry.
Gregory. come back.
Gregory. you all I got.
You're fired.
-What?
-Twelve years
you've been here.
and all you've done
is scare the regulars away
with your broke-ass originals.
It's not keeping the lights on
here at Cash Bar.
If anything.
you're making it more
of a "no cash" bar.
-Mom. what are you doing here?
-I needed reinforcements. man.
-Focus. You're fired.
-Mm-hmm.
But the good news is.
we may have
another opportunity for you.
-Bubba. this
is an intervention.
-No. I'm leaving.
-Come on. Sit down.
-Nope. I'm outta here.
Sit your ass down.
I don't need an intervention.
and I don't have to listen
to this.
You do need to listen.
Look at your Ally account.
It's crazy.
Mom.
don't be showing everybody
our joint account.
Joint account?
-Oh. my gosh.
-Yep. Almost overdrawn.
I had to show it to you
because I need you
to listen to him.
Now. go on. Cash.
It's one hyphenated word.
-K-pop!
Hell no.
-Yes.
-No.
K-pop is my people's...
-our people's
number one export.
-Mm-hmm.
An entire amazing
and profitable industry
awaits you
in the world
of Korean pop music.
- Cash will tell you more.
-  -Thank you. sweet cheeks.
You don't need the mic. Cash.
-Fine. I'll just speak up.
-What is he doing?
- Wow.
- He don't need it.
1992.
Seo Taiji and Boys.
You see those Korean cuties?
They are the OGs of K-pop.
Then we got H.O.T..
g.o.d. and BoA.
the latter I've proposed to
on several occasions.
There might be
a restraining order pending.
Can we fast-forward
to the part
where this helps me?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
The disrespect.
Oh. my God.
I still haven't got to Diva.
Shinhwa. Girls Generation.
Super Junior.
That only takes us
to Generation 2.5.
I gotta go to Generation Four.
which actually works
like iPhone--
Cash. Please.
Fine.
- Ooh. Missed my cue.
- All right. Here we go.
- Wildcard.
Korea's number one
music competition show.
-Yeah. We watch it together
all the time.
-Every Tuesday night.
We do it
after our cooking lessons.
I'm trying to help him
spice up his Hinge profile.
And. Miss Johnson.
you are a fantastic teacher.
-I've learned a lot from you.
-I've learned a lot
from you too.
Like I was saying. Wildcard.
Imagine American Idol.
but with K-pop trainees.
And imagine that American Idol
with K-pop trainees
if it was set on an island
where they had to
cannibalize their peers
and their close friends
just to survive.
-Oh. it's Squid Games serious.
-It's very intense.
That hunk right there
in the center? That's Kang.
He's a star.
This boy can sing. dance. act.
He can rap. He can smolder.
He's got it all.
He's the... Say it with me.
-He's the Wildcard.
And here's the best part.
See that woman right there.
who's gorgeous
but kind of scary?
That's my second aunt.
by marriage.
-Diamond.
The esteemed host of Wildcard.
In our Kakao
family group chat.
she mentioned she needed
a new drummer for the show.
And I told her
I knew the perfect guy.
You start on the drums.
then show Kang
that you can make them hits.
blow his mind. and boom...
- you're the hottest producer
in town.
You know what. Bubba?
You know. I. uh...
I never really liked
your father or his family
or anything else about him.
really.
if I'm telling the truth.
But the fact is. through him.
you are Korean.
Barely.
And it's part of your culture.
I don't know nothing
about the culture or that man.
He was great in bed.
He loved Keith Sweat.
-That's how you got here.
-Mom.
- That's all you needed
in the '80s.
Baby. you can do this.
So what y'all telling me is.
if I fly all the way to Korea...
Mm-hmm.
-...learn some Korean...
-Just a little bit.
Whatever.
That's enough.
-Schmooze this King Kong kid.
-Mm-hmm.
-I'ma be lit?
-Yes!
And you can do it. Bubba.
because it's in your blood.
You listen to your brilliant.
- beautiful. gorgeous...
- Mmm. Oh.
-...voluptuous...
-Sometimes.
-...mother.
-Take it easy.
Get out there. Take the leap.
Go out there as the drummer
for the band.
and come back
an international superstar.
Just lock in with Kang.
That's all you gotta do.
What do you say?
Bubba. Bubba. Bubba. Bubba.
Okay. fine.
Let's go.
-But I'm not flying economy.
-Oh. you flying economy.
- What?
- I have standards.
If there's an option...
-What is he talking about?
-They have economy plus now.
My knees.
- Who do you think you are?
- You talking ab...
Hey!
♪ Say something ♪
-Come on.
Wildcard. Yeah. It's me.
Yes!
In Korea. baby.
McDonald's.
-Got you.
-No. no. No tip.
Korea. no tip.
- Korea. no tip. No tip.
- No tip?
-I like this city already.
-Oh. you famous guy.
-You Busta Rhymes.
-No.
-Waka Blocka?
-Bro. if you don't
get out my way...
Uh. Damian Marley. Uh...
Mr. Johnson.
Please. follow me.
Okay.
Jacob.
Nice.
All right.
"Dear. BJ. We are thrilled
to have you at Wildcard crew."
Blah. blah. blah.
"All room service needs
will be charged
to the company."
Let's go!
Let's get it.
It's an artist pass. Yeah.
You wouldn't know nothing
about that. right?
BJ!
The real Rastafarian Wildcard
champion.
No. seriously.
BJ. Nice to meet you.
Wave. Wave. Wave.
All right.
There he is.
♪ It should be me ♪
Stay tuned next week
to find out who advances
to the next round.
Uh-huh.
I got them hits for you.
baby boy.
Mm-hmm.
Me and you tomorrow.
No. thank you.
Housekeeping.
Oh. my God. No. no. no. no.
♪ Yeah. ay dios mío ♪
♪ Move it. move
You too slow. bruh ♪
♪ Update
Time to V-8 the motor ♪
♪ Everybody asking
Where I get the dope from ♪
♪ Update
I ain't never told no one ♪
♪ No sweat when you doing
What you're 'posed to do ♪
♪ No stress
When I'm checkin' up
On every move ♪
♪ Jumpin' out the moon roof
To the solar ♪
♪ I can see you...
Startin' over ♪
♪ Pull over that ass
Too fast ♪
♪ Hit the ATM
And grab mo' cash ♪
♪ Yes Lord
Feelin' like a new man ♪
♪ I was dreamin' in the life
Then I woke up in the-- ♪
♪ Pakaveli. Pakaveli
I done died
and went to heaven ♪
♪ Came back in the 1963 Chevy
With gold Pirellis ♪
♪ I just wanted
Something better
Anything to feed my belly ♪
Shit.
Shit. All right.
- Where is it?
Must be here.
Ooh. my goodness. Hi.
-Oh. so sorry. I got that.
-Over there.
Yeah.
This is money. Wow.
Hi.
Uh. which. uh...
Ooh.
Where is it? Got it. My bad.
Everybody. quiet. please!
Camera!
Psst.
You know which cue this is?
Cue music.
Three. two. one.
-♪ Yeah ♪
-Oh.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ It should be me ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
-♪ It should be me ♪
♪ It should be me ♪
♪ It should be... me ♪
-♪ Which card will be chose ♪
-♪ It should be me ♪
♪ The wild card ♪
♪ Wild card ♪
♪ It should be me ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ It should be... me ♪
BBQ.
Cut!
Yeah. man.
I'm classically trained too.
Y'all like the Korean Beatles.
I'ma holler at you. man.
Get some food.
I'ma just call you Skip.
Ooh. there go Kang.
There go Kang.
Come on. here we go.
Yeah. Kang!
Hey. yo. Hey. hey. Kang.
Kang. right? How you doing.
man? I'm BJ. Sorry.
I didn't mean to startle you.
I'm the new drummer
for Wildcard.
I shouldn't say
drummer though.
I'm more like an artist.
performer. extraordinaire.
You speak English?
My-- My name. uh. BJ--
- What are you doing?
- Oh.
Just saying hi.
That was it.
You must be
my nephew's friend. CJ?
Uh. BJ. yeah.
Not only were you
exactly 23 minutes late...
-Well. I can ex--
-...but made a mockery
of yourself
and a mockery
of our show right now.
-What?
-But you have gotten yourself
one step closer to being fired
if you step out of line again.
Understood?
Understood.
Good.
Uh-huh. Mmm.
-Oh! My bad. my bad.
-Off my tail!
Wow.
I literally got secondhand embarrassment for you.
Whatever.
Wait. are you the new drummer?
I'm an artist. okay?
I live. sleep. dream
and eat music.
Where's catering?
Oh. it's funny you should ask.
- Allow me to provide you a whole tour.
-  -Just want to eat.
You see.
this place has everything.
Puppy rooms.
lounge rooms. practice rooms.
gaming rooms. dance rooms--
my personal favorite--
-Even more puppy rooms.
surprisingly--
-Yo. yo. Yo. yo. yo.
Can you just show me
where the food's at?
-Oh. absolutely.
Right this way.
-Appreciate it. bruh. Yeah.
If you will.
What in the Hogwarts
is going on round here?
-Little
Oliver Twist-looking ass.
-Um. beg your pardon?
My name's Tae Young.
That your stage name?
- I suppose so.
- Hmm.
Well. I suppose
that's where you went wrong.
You need something
way more slick.
Oh. Well. what's your name?
Bobby Johnson.
But I go by BJ.
also known as Breezy.
also known as The Breeze.
-But you can call me Mr. B.
-Uh-huh.
Every artist should have
a few nicknames. Jack.
-I'm sorry. who's Jack?
-Where you from. Tae Young?
I'm from Winchester. England.
Fourteen licks from the Shire.
- Just kidding.
- I'm Korean.
But I'm learning
a British accent
because my mom told me
that my father
was from overseas.
Figured I'd impress him
with the accent.
In case I ever meet him.
-That's oddly preemptive.
-Innit?
-Cut it out.
-Okay.
So what do you know
about K-pop?
Not a damn thing. actually.
Another bandwagon jumper.
Shame.
Nevertheless.
I'll get you up to speed.
Right this way.
Oh. my God.
Got them big-ass jumbo shrimp.
Let me tell you
the key positions in K-pop.
Mm-hmm. I'm listening.
Ooh. rice cakes.
First. you have the Visuals.
Visuals' main job
is to just look nice.
- That's it?
- That's it.
They come in handy
during promo shoots.
and they can't take a bad
picture.
-If you don't mind.
-Boy. if you don't...
What are you doing? Oh.
See?
Wow. Gorgeous.
Next.
you have the Main Singers.
♪ I lost my mind ♪
Main Singers sing so well
that sometimes you forget
they can't even dance.
To distract from the fact
that they can't dance.
they put Main Dancers
in front of them
while they do their high note.
Next.
you have the Main Rappers.
Almost every K-pop song
has an obligatory rap verse.
So Main Rappers are vital.
Got it.
-Ooh. sriracha.
-You wanna know
what position I am?
-Nope.
-Well. I'm the leader.
Oh. yeah? Leader of what?
Um. guys. this is Mr. B.
What up? Cool hair.
Nice nunchucks.
Put your hand down.
That's enough.
Um. let's intro ourselves.
-Get in formation.
-Uh...
- We are. uh...
- LP!
Cool.
Um. what does LP stand for?
Lower percentile.
It's where we're ranked
on the show.
Well. that's... sad.
Why don't you call yourselves...
It'll come to me... BNB.
Bad News Bears.
- Mm-hmm. Yeah. yeah.
- Whoa.
It's better and less pathetic.
Ooh.
Guys.
let's try the intro with BNB.
Here comes Bad News!
Ooh! Oh. yeah!
Oh. yeah!
Ladies and gentlemen.
this is the greatest show
after Wildcard!
You're watching
the Psick Show!
Make some noise!
Whoo!
-Yes! Wildcard!
-Wildcard!
I think this is
the best season ever
among all Wildcard seasons.
Yes. there's so many...
- I back that.
...talented kids out there.
You know. I-- I cannot choose
who's the best. you know?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
So. how was your first day?
I was getting somewhere
with the Kang kid.
but he's more elusive
than Bigfoot.
Plus. he's always surrounded
by a pit crew.
God damn. Brenda.
your cakes are looking thick.
-Turn that thing around.
-Excuse me?
Mmm.
Why don't you come over here and take a bite?
Set it down right there.
Oh. these came out--
Ooh-- So good.
Uh. y'all cooking again.
I hope.
Yeah. Yeah.
We're about to get busy.
Put it in slow now.
- Okay. like that?
- What the f...
Yeah. just like that.
Uh. Mom. Cash...
All right. fam.
I gotta get back
to these cakes...
a-and pies.
But have a great day too.
And remember. get to Kang.
I'm eatin' all that tonight.
Don't threaten me
with a good time.
Oh. my God. I'm hanging up.
...K-pop legend...
Whoo.
Let's go. Wildcard.
Impressive.
Whoo!
Damn.
Yes!
Outstanding.
Oh.
Eliminated.
Wow.
♪ It should be... me ♪
-Excuse me.
-I can't tell which one's
your nose...
Okay. little things here.
-Hey. bro...
-Ooh! Fire.
Five. six. seven. eight.
- No. stop.
- Mmm. Hey.
What position is Kang again?
Oh. he's. like.
all the positions.
- An all rounder.
- An ace.
Yeah. As long as you show
that you're an ace too.
he'll probably respect you.
Got it.
Hmm?
BJ! Time for rehearsal.
- That's my cue. guys.
You coming with?
- BJ?
- We can't go in there.
Lower percentiles
aren't allowed in.
-Yeah. BJ! Time for rehearsal!
-Oh. I'm sorry to hear that.
No CP time!
Well. good thing
I'm part of the band.
Hold on to this. buddy.
Here we go. Yep.
Mm-hmm. You see?
Mm-hmm. got a little bounce.
Guitar player. Get up.
Try that little ditty again.
Uh-huh.
There we go.
But to this tempo.
Nice. Bass. slide in there.
Slow down. Jack.
We need some space for Kang.
He's our lead.
All right now. strings.
Keys. y'all gonna fall in
but when Kang sings.
Let's get it.
♪ I lost my mind ♪
♪ Get in slow motion ♪
Got a little bounce.
Yeah! All right.
That boy wanna krump now.
Yeah! Okay!
Big finish! Big finish!
Big finish! Hey!
Fall out. fall out!
Big finish.
Whoo!
Did you feel it?
You're speechless. right?
That's what I'm talking about.
I'm coming in for a hug
'cause I'll be damned if you
didn't take me back to church.
Get off me.
Sorry.
BJ. stop pressing Kang.
He's not a sandwich. okay?
Okay. that was crazy.
That was crazy.
And there's more
where that came from.
You let me
get in there with you
in the studio I promise you.
I got some stuff.
I got some stuff. Kang.
Where you going?
I didn't mean
to hug you that tight.
Can't read this kid.
-What's that mean?
-Only room for one star.
Oh.
What?
He always got
something slick to say.
What?
"Nega" who?
Y'all getting
a little comfortable.
Hey. bring me back
some shrimp chips.
Yo.
-Was that Kang singing?
-You saw that?
-That was you?
-Oh. yeah. I was on the drums.
-Was he the one
that picked the song?
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah. he picked it. yeah.
I mean.
I was right next to him.
Hey. what's up.
-Oh. my God. I love that song.
-How does it go again?
Yeah.
but he was tripping on me--
♪ I lost my mind ♪
Excuse me.
♪ Get in slow motion. baby ♪
Wait...
Wow.
I'm impressed. Not bad.
Hey. Gordon Parks.
What about you?
Can you sing anything?
Like what?
I don't know. maybe. uh...
Oh. what?
Scatting.
Somebody help me out.
Um. what's your name?
Lil Ken doll?
- Sunghoon?
- Sunghoon. yes.
Sorry about that.
Um. you play keys?
- Every night.
- Okay.
Let's see it.
Thank you.
Yeah. see the thing
about these scales is
you have to push from the gut
but clench the cheeks.
All right?
Now start me off somewhere.
You try it.
- Wow. I didn't know
you was a singer.
Yeah.
A little raspy. but I like it.
It's texture.
Yeah. Like a little D'Angelo.
Your voice sits at around.
like. an E register.
Let me hear that.
Y'all sing. Go!
Nice.
The vowels.
Delay it!
Take it up.
I can't even go that high.
Take us home.
-Yes.
-Yeah.
See that? See that?
You push and clench
and you reach greatness.
- You know what I'm saying?
It's all about...
Okay. what is that?
-Wait. No.
It's not what you think it is.
-No. no. no.
One of these stage pipes
busted.
We were behind you. like--
We had something going on
and you just kinda ruined it.
-Did you fart?
-Yes.
Yeah. that's raw sewage.
Get that up out you.
And g-get from around me.
Get from around me.
Yo. this is crazy.
Somebody help!
-Thanks for teaching me
scat singing.
-Yeah. no problem.
Your voice is kinda nice.
You're pitchy.
but you got a good ear
and you got potential.
Not a lot. but you got some.
-Thanks.
-Mm-hmm.
You kind of remind me
of myself a little bit but...
...more with an Asian twang.
- That's my mom.
- On the moped?
- Yep.
- Nice.
♪ I don't know what it is ♪
♪ That you've done to me ♪
♪ But it's caused me to act
In such a crazy way ♪
♪ Whatever it is... ♪
Tae Young.
Mr. B. this is my mom.
Mom. this is Mr. B.
He's like a teacher.
He's an artist.
He's a drummer.
He taught me scat singing.
like...
Do it!
- Okay.
- Where y'all going?
I mean. um.
pleasure to meet you.
Do you mind
if I have a few words about
your talented son over here?
- Okay.
- Appreciate it.
Hi.
Um...
He...
Is that...
Give me my money. panda.
-Is he...
-Not here.
Okay.
Um...
I'ma need a paternity test.
- I'm not paying
no back-end child support.
-We going on the Maury Show.
-Okay. I said not here.
Okay. so then where?
Mom.
Could Mr. B. perhaps.
you know.
come over for dinner?
That sounds
like an excellent idea to me.
small child.
Time and place?
-All right. just. uh...
-Let me just do that for you.
-...give me your number.
-Mm-hmm.
See you there.
Enjoy the rest
of your evening.
You got plenty of room.
Go. Go. go. go.
Pleasure meeting you.
Bye. Mr. B.
See you tonight.
You gotta be kidding me.
♪ You fucking on me good
But your body so greasy ♪
♪ I wish you understood
Just how much ♪
♪ I really need ya
Really need ya... ♪
♪ I wanna buy a plane
For you ♪
♪ Go spend my whole advance
On you ♪
-Oh.
-I'm so sorry.
-Pushed it too much.
-It's the Milkis.
- Ugh!
-  -I told you to stop drinking those.
-They're just so good.
I have to go.
-Fighting.
That was pure radish.
It's still...
- Check your drawers.
- Okay.
-Fun's over.
-Yep. I think it's time
for you to go.
No. no. no. I think it's time
for you to tell me
what this is all about.
Hold on. Is he mine?
-Yep.
-And you weren't
gonna tell me?
Don't come in here.
-Nope.
-Why?
Because I know you.
and you don't care.
You never gave me
a chance to care.
Well. do you?
No.
but I wanted the chance to.
All so you could just say no?
-Yes.
-BJ. why are you here?
I'm an in demand K-pop drummer
for a little show
called Wildcard.
I know you heard about that.
It's a big deal.
You play in the corner
in the dark.
But they can feel me.
Darkness doesn't hide talent.
No. no. no. you are washed.
You're just
another loser American
wannabe artist
who came to Korea
knowing nothing
about the country.
All to milk the popularity
of K-pop so has to have
a futile shot in the dark
at reviving your corpse
of a career.
If you even had a career.
that is.
Are you done.
or are you finished?
- Listen.
let's stick to the script.
- The kid. did you
tell him about this yet?
'Cause if you haven't.
I think we should
keep this whole shindig--
Tell me what?
No. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no.
No. no.
No. no. No. no. no.
-No. no. no. No.
-Tae Young.
this is your father.
You're just gonna do it
like that. Okay.
What?
Yeah.
So. you're not British?
Why would I be British?
-Hmm?
-I don't know.
-Why would I be British. Yej?
-You don't know.
-I don't know.
My mom said this is my dad.
-Oh. Idris Elba...
-Mm-hmm.
...is his dad. Wow.
We even watch
all his movies together.
That's so crazy.
I can't say I'm too offended.
It doesn't even matter
anymore.
You lied to me.
- Way to go.
Parent of the decade.
Is his grandpa Morgan Freeman?
He has a cousin
named Will Smith?
Come on. Take a bow.
-You really did that.
-Oh. really?
You're saying this
to the parent who stayed.
who took care of him?
I'm just literally
catching wind
of this whole thing right now.
-I have no clue about it.
-Great. Go talk to him.
-Talk to who?
I don't even know the boy.
-You upset him. You did this.
-How did I upset him?
-He's your son.
Go talk to him.
-You want me to fix your mess?
-Yes.
You want me to just go ahead
and jump into fatherhood.
- Okay. cool.
I'm gonna do it. All right.
- Hop. Hop.
This way. right?
- There's only one way.
- Okay!
-Taeshawn?
-Tae Young.
Tae Young.
Yo.
Oh. wow.
Is it cool if I come in?
Nice.
Wow.
Look. fam.
I'm just as weirded out
as you.
Okay?
If you need someone
to talk to. I guess I'm here.
I don't know.
We work at the same place so...
we should be chilling.
What are you doing?
Okay. Picture time?
Is that your process?
All right.
Wait. what? You have a kid?
I don't know. man.
That's what Yeji's saying.
I got to get a DNA test.
I-I mean.
what does he even look like?
I told you.
He's Tae Young on the show.
The little
Filipino-looking kid.
He must get no screen time
'cause I don't know...
Whoa! I just googled him.
Yep.
That's definitely your kid.
My God.
Um...
You want one? Beer?
Wait. what did bubba just say?
Cash? Why are you
at my mom's house again?
It's not even Wednesday.
Ooh. baby.
he's over here pounding.
I'm about to beat it up.
- You're what?
Beef. We're pounding beef.
Get your head
out of the gutter.
Oh. my Lord.
Do I have a grandbaby?
Mom. slow down. okay?
Nothing's confirmed.
I'm gonna get a DNA test
tomorrow.
We're gonna figure this out.
I don't know
who she been with.
I don't know where she been.
No.
You don't need to do no test.
That boy got your nose.
your old-biscuit forehead.
your big ass teeth.
You is the pappy.
Oh. my God. I got a grandbaby.
Oh. I can't wait
to call Shondra.
Aw. congrats
on the whole fatherhood thing.
But did you forget
you're supposed to be there
for Kang?
Cash.
this obsession with Kang has
gone way too far. all right?
Now. if you love Kang so much.
you fly your ass to Korea.
you bleach his hair.
pick his boogers.
be part of his security team.
But I got bigger fish to fry
right now. all right?
Okay. we gotta flip this.
Plan B.
Well. there's no--
What's plan B?
Of course.
you wouldn't know
what plan B is.
That's what got you
in this mess
in the first place.
Does your kid have
any of your talent?
He sings from his neck.
but that's an easy habit
to break.
Okay. He's gonna be
your focal point.
You gotta prove to Kang
that you could turn a piece
of coal into a diamond.
Cash. why are you talking
about jewelry right now?
I need you to help me.
What am I...
What am I gonna do?
Ugh. gosh. Pathetic.
You're gonna wake up early
as hell tomorrow morning.
grab your little squirt.
and whip him into shape.
Kang loves aces
'cause aces are winners.
You're gonna show Kang
that you don't need him...
...so he wants you.
Reverse psychology.
They do that
in all the competition movies.
- Okay.
- And you know what?
Hey.
Bubba.
it's time you did something
with your life
like had a family.
and this baby is so cute.
I can't believe
I never noticed him before.
Is it gonna be cute
when there's rug rats
running all over your house
while his broke
musician father
is doing Bruno Mars covers
in the Santa Monica Promenade?
On second thought. Bubba.
stay on your grind.
-I'm cooked. I'm cooked. Yeah.
-Ah.
Oh!
Oh.
Good morning.
If you would?
Well.
he said. "You're hella corny.
So you gotta
get your sauce up".
- I don't know
what that means though.
Yo. Oh. wow.
Love the fit.
Paired the flannel
with the sherpa.
Little Annyeong Wintour vibes.
Good morning.
What are you doing?
Oh. I... I figured
I'd pick up Tae Young today.
You know. whip him into shape.
-Yeah. for the competition.
-Mm-hmm.
- Is that so?
- Yessirski.
Why do you care
all of a sudden?
Oh. well.
it's funny you should ask.
You see. they're only winners
in the Johnson family
bloodline.
So I can't have him out here
tarnishing the family name.
Yessirski.
- No cap.
- Mm-hmm.
I'll have him back
in no time. I swear.
-You can take the day off.
-Please. Mom. Please.
- You look good
and comfortable already.
- Please.
-Mom. if we could just
exit the premises.
-You're good to go.
-Maybe-- Yeah.
-Have it your way.
Just chill out.
-If it's cool.
you could literally just--
-Please. Mom. If we could--
Oh. my God. Fine. fine.
- Yes. Yes!
- Let's ride!
-Let's go.
-Thank you so much. Mom.
I love you.
Have fun.
That look is crazy though.
Cozy vibes. right?
All right. peace out.
I'ma holler at you.
You got any cash. No?
Okay. I got you.
♪ I ain't even
Put my jewels on ♪
♪ I ain't even played
My latest. greatest song ♪
♪ I ain't even
Put my jewels on ♪
Now. the first step
to becoming a superstar
is treating yourself like one.
Ooh. day spa.
Come on.
Let's get some pampering in.
But we didn't
really work today.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
The first step. son.
Ooh. when did you
start playing the drums?
My first drum set
was the womb.
Mama said I was a kicker.
Grew up playing in church.
Fred Hammond.
Hezekiah Walker.
Andraé Crouch.
Kirk Franklin. Mm-hmm.
All the greats.
They said my pops
was into music too.
but the first and last time
I saw him was at his funeral.
A little to the left.
Mama said
he used to play me records
when I was a baby.
Before he left.
Yeah. I'll tell you right now.
showbiz and family
just don't mix.
It's either one or the other.
You can't do both.
It never works out.
Well. until now. Until now.
Well. if you've been
a musician all this time.
why can't I find you
on Spotify?
Because greatness takes time.
Think about it. Kimchi.
The longer you let it ferment.
the better it tastes. right?
-Sure.
-Same thing with wine.
Same thing with cheese.
Same thing
with Dr. Dre's next album.
All these things take time.
All right?
What happened to you and Mom?
Yeesh.
Little Gayle King over here
asking the tough questions.
Did she ever say anything
about it?
Yeah. but all she said
was she fell in love...
-Mm-hmm.
-...with a self-centered.
big-toothed...
man-baby.
She did say
she fell in love though.
right?
-Yeah.
-See?
-One more question. Do you--
-No more questions. huh?
How about
I ask some questions?
Some fun ones.
Favorite movie?
One. two. three.
-Friday.
-Frozen 2.
Are you kidding me?
Favorite color?
One. two. three.
- Mother-of-pearl.
- Green.
Mother-of-pearl?
Celebrity crush?
One. two. three.
-Dua Lipa.
-SZA.
Okay.
Favorite food?
One. two. three.
Chicken wings.
That's what I'm talking about.
Let's get some.
I should have got
the 12-piece. This is crazy.
It's really good.
Mm-hmm. My Lord.
Mmm! What?
The records in the alley?
Whoa...
Boy. oh. boy.
Sick.
I tell you. man. music
is the great communicator.
- And you know the crazy thing
about music?
Especially K-pop music
is that there's nothing new
under the sun. son.
-Know why that is?
-Why?
Black people. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
You see. from Black folks
you get gospel.
And from gospel.
you get the blues.
And from blues.
you get rock and roll.
From rock and roll.
you get funk. soul.
R and B. hip-hop.
I mean. house. country.
Pretty much any genre
you can think of
with the exception
of classical and polka.
But I digress.
Now. follow me. See these?
These are the Avengers
of music.
- Sick.
- Mm-hmm.
And if K-pop is about
boy bands and girl bands.
well. hell. this gotta be one
of the greatest bands ever.
The Jackson 5. Yeah.
To put in
your little K-pop terms.
Michael Jackson
would be the center.
-the face of the group.
-Aah.
The ace of all aces.
In that case. that makes BTS
today's Jackson 5.
That's right!
The Jacksons walked
in order for BTS to dance.
They wouldn't be here
if it wasn't for them.
In order to know where
you're going. you gotta know
where you've been. You dig?
Yeah. Oh. watch it.
Watch. watch.
-Girl.
-We outside. ain't we?
- Who would have thought?
- Hey!
We worldwide. right?
The fits. The fits.
Don't gas me up.
Nah. nah. nah. Tell me.
- I'm trying to keep up with you.
-  -Okay!
Black don't crack. baby.
And we gonna stay Black.
Ain't got no choice.
-Boy. you better quit.
-You too. young man.
Oh. yeah. him?
Chip off the old block.
-Yes. yes.
-It's all good though.
-Hey. be blessed.
-You too.
-Get to where you're going
safely.
-Keep your head up.
Traveling mercies to you all.
All right. we gotta go. girl.
We gonna miss our train. Bye.
-Wow.
-Do you know them?
Absolutely not.
But spiritually
we're like this. okay?
You see.
you come from a long line
of kings. queens. scholars.
philosophers. ballers.
shot callers.
Yeah. The diaspora is strong.
And it's in you.
-Let's kick rocks.
-We're not gonna buy these?
Hell no.
It's on streaming. Come on.
Okay.
You gotta have a walk
about yourself. you know?
I kind of like hear
a rhythm and step.
Oh. oh. oh.
Am I tripping or does that say
Earth. Wind & Fire?
Oh. yeah.
Korean spots like these
like to pay the big bucks
for Western acts.
-We can wait in line
if you want.
-Wait in line? Boy.
Waiting in line
is for peasants.
not superstars.
Okay?
Follow me. Come on.
Strut. bro. Come on.
Confidence. There you go.
Bounce. Follow me now.
Yeah. Straight ahead.
Oh.
Hold on.
Slow your roll. All right.
I didn't know
they made Koreans that big.
- Yikes.
- All right. Um...
We gotta regroup.
-Who's that?
-Are you kidding me?
That's Vernon from Seventeen.
Okay. Do we know Vernon?
Not personally.
All right.
It's time to make
a new best friend. You ready?
-But. Dad. I--
-No. no. no. no.
You're a finalist now.
Superstar. Right?
Straighten up.
Get his attention
before he goes in there.
-All right.
-Yeah. Come on.
Yerp.
Wait a minute.
-You're Tae Young.
From Wildcard.
-Yep. Mm-hmm.
I know you. man.
-That's me.
-Congrats on the show.
Oh. my goodness. Uh...
Tae! Sherman! Hello?
Forgot something.
-Did he just call me Sherman?
-Can you get your man?
-It's my dad.
-I'm with him.
Hey. yeah. Come on. bro.
Bro. stand down. Stand down.
Yeah. that's my dad.
That's right.
That's right. Watch out now.
Nah. bro.
You know me. Outkast.
Tae. how are you just gonna
leave me like that?
Sorry. Dad.
I just got lost in the sauce.
♪ Ba-dee-ya. dee-ya. dee-ya ♪
♪ Dee-ya ♪
I love you!
♪ Ba-dee-ya. dee-ya. dee-ya ♪
♪ Dee-ya ♪
Incredible. Incredible.
Encore. encore.
I see you out there.
young brother.
Thanks.
You're my Dad's favorite band.
No joke.
He's a drummer.
Best in the game.
-Well--
-A drummer?
I do a little something
here and there.
We don't usually let
random people play with us.
But at the same time.
we haven't seen Black people
in weeks.
So come on up.
Are you serious?
He's being shy. Go up there.
Come on.
Go. go.
All right. Yeah!
Oh my... Sorry.
Don't fall.
Philip.
Verdine White.
Can I just touch your hair.
Sorry. I didn't mean that.
All right. How you doing?
"Let's Groove."
Okay. My time has come.
Let's do it.
One. two. three. four!
♪ We can boogie down
Down upon down ♪
♪ The boogie down
♪ Let's groove tonight ♪
Down upon down ♪
♪ Share the spice of life ♪
♪ The boogie down
Down upon down ♪
♪ Baby. slice it right ♪
♪ The boogie down
Down upon down ♪
♪ We're gonna groove tonight ♪
♪ The boogie down
Down upon down ♪
♪ Let this groove
Get you to move ♪
♪ It's all right. all right
All right ♪
♪ Let this groove
Set in your shoes ♪
♪ So stand up
All right. all right ♪
♪ Gonna tell you
What you can do
With my love. all right ♪
♪ Let you know. girl
You're looking good ♪
♪ You're out of sight
All right ♪
♪ Just move... ♪
You ain't got it.
- I don't deserve this!
- Eliminated.
It's not fair! It's not fair!
I'm not...
♪ Let this groove
Get you to move ♪
♪ It's all right. all right
All right ♪
♪ Let this groove
Set in your shoes ♪
♪ So stand up
All right. all right ♪
♪ Let this groove
Get you to move... ♪
Eliminated.
I'm sorry I couldn't be...
...more handsome.
- Eliminated.
- It's cool.
I know where you live.
Diamond.
♪ You will see
Give a little sign ♪
♪ I'll be there. after a while
If you want my love ♪
♪ We can boogie on down ♪
-♪ The boogie down ♪
-♪ Down ♪
-♪ Boogie on down... ♪
-♪ Down upon down ♪
Try it again. From home.
This will not be
my last dance.
♪ Let's groove tonight ♪
♪ Baby. slice it right ♪
♪ We gonna groove tonight ♪
♪ The boogie down
Down upon... ♪
I told y'all bout...
Chat. my boy Tae Young
going crazy.
I told y'all. chat.
He's going to win. bro.
Mark my word. bro.
Mom. I made top eight.
And Dad said
it's because I successfully
channeled the diaspora.
-Yes. yes. yes.
-The diaspora?
Ancestors are smiling down
upon you today. I'm proud.
What's she saying?
Okay. Maybe that's my cue.
I'm gonna--
Oh. no. no. no. no. no. no.
You go. Yeji go too.
-Huh?
-Talk to her.
Three people
go eat ice cream. Ice cream.
Ice cream. Mom.
Please. can we get ice cream?
Please. Mom?
I don't have any money.
I get paid next week.
-Uh. no. no. No. no.
-It's. um...
No. I can't.
-I can't take your money.
-No! No.
-Come on.
-Take! Take!
All right.
Thank you. Kitty.
I always wanted a sugar mama.
- Have a fun!
- Thank you!
Hey.
I got it covered. all right?
-Um. all of it? Okay.
-Yeah. all of it.
- It's. like. six bucks.
- Hang on. now.
If I could just
check for poison.
Yeah. it's proce--
-Could you just please not?
-Yeah. it's procedure.
- Wait. can you--
- Mm-hmm. Mmm.
Fire. Hold on.
Oh. that's good.
What she say?
- She wants a photo.
Okay.
Sure.
Mmm.
Wildcard Yeah.
See?
Finally famous. Jack.
Trying to tell you.
Oh.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yeah
I wanna raise the bar up ♪
♪ Distance makes the heart
Grow fonder. my girl ♪
♪ Pacing around this hotel ♪
♪ Back and forth
Talking to myself ♪
♪ I wasn't quite through ♪
♪ Oh. but you made me quit ♪
♪ Let's brainstorm
Think a bit ♪
♪ Touch base
On the next event ♪
♪ I said. cool ♪
♪ 'Cause I was tired
And drunk as shit ♪
♪ But you blew me a kiss ♪
♪ Said that's what I get
For minding my own biz ♪
♪ Soon as I get the chance
I'ma offer my hand ♪
♪ Offer my hand ♪
♪ Just to clear a path
We gon' slide on through ♪
♪ Slide on through ♪
♪ I got you in a trance
So that you can't move ♪
Hey.
Why didn't you tell me
about him?
Why do you think?
Maybe you thought
I was selfish.
A little immature.
A little?
Okay.
maybe more than a little.
I don't know. I guess I...
I always felt that
a bad parent was worse
than an absent one.
I got scared.
You know. you weren't always
there for me as a boyfriend.
Couldn't imagine you as a dad.
Hmm.
But hey...
keep this up and maybe
you can prove me wrong.
Maybe.
Oh. my God.
Um...
Come on. come on. Tae?
Tae boogie.
He's good.
-Just get his arms. Come on.
-What?
They're gonna call CPS.
Get him.
I'm not going to jail
in Korea.
All right. Here we go.
Okay.
Yep.
-Move the blanket.
-Okay.
Move that blanket.
Ooh.
Okay. Oh.
Hey. we made it.
That boy is heavy.
You ain't asleep.
Little shit.
Good night.
-I mean. those are your dense...
-Mine?
...Johnson genes.
- Those are
your linebacker shoulders.
-Blue 42.
-Oh. God.
Uh. thanks for...
thanks for carrying him.
-Usually gotta do that myself.
-Oh. yeah?
- That's why
your arms are so big. huh?
You gotta be strong
to do that every day.
Yeah.
-No. That's the same one?
-Yeah.
What? It still works?
No way.
Mm-hmm. And it's tuned.
Mm-hmm.
Let's see if I still got it.
♪ I'm not afraid
When you hold me ♪
Sorry.
♪ 'Cause you never
Hold me back ♪
♪ And everything
That you told me ♪
♪ I'm gonna hold you to that
And show it to you
Right back ♪
-♪ Like that ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
♪ These things I swear
Is for you
I'll be there ♪
♪ To the last ♪
Oldie but goodie.
♪ I don't miss her one bit ♪
♪ Maybe a little bit ♪
♪ Some days I think about it ♪
Good morning.
♪ But I get over it
Real quick ♪
Wow. What in the lackluster
is going on here?
Michael Jackson
is spinning in his grave.
Y'all. cut it out.
All right. That's enough.
That's...
Dakho. are you
fighting demons? Stop.
You're gonna hurt yourself.
Mmm.
What the hell's going on here?
Oh. well. they've all been
eliminated.
but these guys
still want to help me out.
Yeah. Sucks ass.
But Tae Young is still
our fearless little leader.
And we're gonna support him
until the very end.
Hmm.
I'm just here
to dance the sadness away.
Okay.
Well. that all sounds
fine and dandy.
But I'm talking
about the movement.
I'm talking
about the boring choreo.
Why is it so uninspired?
Oh. you mean dancing?
Oh. is that what you call it?
Dancing?
Okay. Take five for a second.
Yeah. I see we're gonna
have to teach y'all
a little lesson about dancing.
Just a little...
Just a little something.
all right?
The jacket's coming off.
Michi. if you will.
Yeah.
Ooh. Oh...
Oh. Hey. hey.
Wait. Wait for it.
Okay.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
I ain't trippin'.
I ain't even tripping.
Your eyes are on me now. Okay?
Don't get lost in it. okay?
Don't fight the current.
But what you gotta do is
let it take control.
Control you.
and let it move you.
and let it groove.
And let it soothe you
and let it shake you.
You feeling me?
Yes! It'll get ahold of you.
Now give it back.
- That's what
I'm talking about.
You feeling me?
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Okay.
Hold up.
Nobody panic.
It's all good.
That's all included.
That's all included. Yeah.
Huh? That's right.
Yeah. You can clap.
Go ahead and clap for that.
Mm-hmm.
Hold your applause.
Now. what did we notice?
- Hmm...
- Huh?
Hello.
I just spilled my guts
on the dance floor.
-Good face.
-Facial expression. Yes.
Mm-hmm.
I was in a lot of pain
that whole performance.
I cried myself to sleep
last night.
Do you see any bags?
Had a charley horse going up
the right side of my leg.
This whole side was numb.
-I shouldn't be here
today. y'all.
-What's a charley horse?
Was under a lot of pain
but you never saw it.
You see it?
That's showbiz.
What else?
Your pants ripped.
My pants did rip.
I'm gonna keep it 100.
They ripped.
But one malfunction
don't stop the show.
Huh? Are you really
doing anything if
you haven't ripped your pants?
What else?
Like something
about my dance moves.
- Y'all see it. Come on.
- Oh. um...
-Yeah?
-You look overextended.
-Somebody else. Come on.
-Okay.
Yeah.
-Take it smooth.
-What does it mean?
-Smooth.
-You damn right.
It was smooth.
It was rhythmic.
and it was fluid.
Guys. guys. guys.
you have to lose your mind.
Okay?
Or better yet. free it.
Mm-hmm.
As the great American poet
once said.
"Free your mind
and that ass will follow."
-I like ass.
-Mm-hmm. Who doesn't?
-Can I get an "Amen"?
-Amen.
-Can I get a "Yes. Lord!"
-Yes. Lord!
Now.
let's see that choreo again.
-Yeah. all right!
-Huh?
Free ass. free ass. free ass!
Who's your favorite?
-Kang.
-Kang?
Hmm. How about you?
-Tae Young.
-That's my guy.
-Really?
-Oh.
I see some kind
of star potential in him.
-He's so good.
-Yes.
His style. his swag.
the way that he sings.
his aura. everything.
-And he's a little boy.
you know?
-Yeah.
Hold up.
You did that all by yourself?
Sure did.
I like that.
Ooh.
I can work with that.
You say you wanna do
some production. huh?
-Yep.
-Okay. What's the tempo?
-125.
-I like it. Dance tempo.
Mm-hmm. One second.
I'll be right with you.
Here we go.
Two. three. talking 'bout...
You did your thing.
That thing was horrible.
Get the... ...off stage.
- Eliminated.
- Your loss!
What's up?
Do you think...
I can win the competition?
Yeah.
I got you. Tae.
Thanks. Dad.
You. me. Burning Man next year.
Let's go.
Yeah!
-BJ!
-Oh. my God.
How you doing. Diamond?
I was actually gonna be
on time today
but. uh. I think I had
some bad mandu last night.
-I had the bubble guts all--
-Shut up. Walk with me.
Oh. let's get it.
-BJ...
-Uh-huh?
...despite the initial
horrible impression
you made
on your very first day...
-Right.
-...ever since.
you have flowered
into an impressive member
of our staff.
You're welcome.
- As a result.
we'd like to transfer you.
Uh. transfer?
Yes. or rather. promote.
A promotion.
See. the previous winner
of Wildcard. Jeffrey Yi.
is on a world tour right now
and we would love it
if you would accompany him
on his Saudi Arabian stop
as an opener.
Hold up now.
You said "opener"?
-Like. just me?
-Just you.
-My music?
-Mm-hmm.
Oh. my goodness.
-Can I please-- Okay.
-Stop.
Thank you so much.
Ooh.
I just need a... Oh. my...
I'm trying to process this.
but I've been waiting
my whole life for this.
So I'm gonna
get a chance to open up for
a previous Wildcard winner.
My music.
Just me.
My big shot.
I leave tonight for Saudi.
We did it.
-No. no. don't worry.
I'll be right back.
-What?
We'll take it
where we left off.
What is he supposed to do now?
Huh?
He's gonna be all right.
He's gonna remember
what his pops told him. right?
The choreo...
Like. you. you...
Like. you got it in you...
-Tae!
-Stop. Stop...
-Come on.
-No. no.
This is not a stop
on your little tour. BJ.
-Huh? Just stop.
-Yeji.
I'm gonna be right back.
And I don't care.
-I didn't have a choice.
-Safe travels. BJ.
Yeji!
Hell...
♪ What about us? ♪
♪ What about
Changing your mind? ♪
♪ What about love? ♪
♪ I need you by my side ♪
♪ Girl. I ain't nothin' ♪
♪ Baby
If it's so hard to decide ♪
♪ It's just you and I ♪
BJ.
There are bigger things
than this stupid little bar.
What-what-what
about other things like...
like venturing out.
moving out of LA.
eventually starting a family?
What?
Babe. me and you are
in a polyamorous relationship.
-What?
-Hold on. let me finish.
There's me. There's you.
And the music.
Babe. I have worked so hard.
I'm talking blood.
sweat and tears.
I'm talking
my dreams coming true.
Okay?
If you plan on
getting in the way of that.
I don't know.
Maybe we need to have
a little conversation.
Think we just
had that conversation.
♪ It's just you and I ♪
♪ What about us? ♪
♪ Type of man
To make it go to work ♪
That make you
Show your worth ♪
♪ I can help you
Make your shoulders work ♪
♪ Got something
Make you feel like worth ♪
-♪ I ain't mad
It should be like that ♪
-How you doing?
Could you turn the AC up?
♪ Get your bag. baby
Be right back ♪
♪ Sweat me
Like fleece and leather ♪
♪ Can't nobody do you better ♪
♪ Sundown and sunrise ♪
♪ Two things we can't buy ♪
♪ It's still gonna cost me
Something ♪
♪ Sundown and sunrise ♪
♪ Two things we can't buy ♪
♪ It's still gonna cost me
Something ♪
♪ Either way
It's gonna cost you ♪
♪ Ain't nothing free
You gotta pay
It's gonna cost ya ♪
♪ You say you want a piece
Then it's gonna cost you ♪
♪ Type of work
That make you wake up
Before... ♪
♪ Type of man
That don't believe
In cutting no corners ♪
♪ Floor seats but I ain't show
I'm busy recording ♪
♪ Plus
These ain't even playing
Like Kobe or Jordan ♪
♪ Even when a... ain't speaking
He's saying a lot ♪
♪ Now stop
Anybody else hot? ♪
So. welcome. Mr. Johnson.
Diamond's told us
so much about you.
As you can see.
we have your backup band.
your singers.
and your drum kit.
And if everything
is to your liking.
then let's get straight into
the sound check.
Yalla. yalla.
This is insane.
What in the Neil Peart?
Uh... Oh. thank you.
Oof.
All right.
Yalla. yalla!
Sorry. my bad.
♪ But these feelings
Don't lie ♪
♪ The least I can do is try ♪
BJ. BJ. BJ.
if you're all good here.
we're gonna have
a full dress rehearsal
tomorrow.
I just want to
go over the bridge.
Can we get
Jeffrey here. please?
Jeffrey? Jeffrey?
-It's really tricky.
-Jeffrey?
-Can we bring in Jeffrey?
-One more time. if...
All right.
Mocktails?
No matter what life may bring...
I need you to understand...
that your life
is in his hands.
Listen.
♪ You don't have to worry ♪
♪ And don't you be afraid ♪
Joy.
♪ Joy comes in the mornings ♪
- Is that Kirk Franklin?
- Trouble.
♪ Troubles
They don't last always ♪
There it is.
♪ For there's a friend
In Jesus... ♪
You know what this is. right?
A dream sequence?
Uh-uh.
This is your come-to-Jesus
moment.
-Oh.
-Uh-huh.
Okay. but...
you're not Jesus.
You're Saweetie.
-I'm an angel.
-Right. right.
The point is.
what you gonna do
with your son?
Are you ready to be a daddy?
BJ. look.
You're clearly being called
to step up to the plate.
Are you gonna answer
that call?
Will you answer the call.
Bubba?
-Dad?
-What?
-Will you?
Will you?
- Will you?
- My God is an on-time God.
You gonna answer
the call or not. BJ?
♪ I know I can stand ♪
I believe it.
I've seen it too many times.
♪ No matter what
May come my way ♪
My life.
♪ My life is in your hands ♪
- Hi.
- Okay.
Want some help?
Got you. How you doing it?
Jesus! I got it.
What are you doing here. BJ?
I quit the Saudi gig.
You did?
Yep.
It didn't feel right.
That was a stupid decision
considering you...
probably just fumbled
a pretty big bag. huh?
Yeji...
I know why you left.
Back then I wasn't ready
to be a boyfriend.
and I damn sure wasn't ready
to be a father.
All I want to say
is thank you.
Thank you for letting me be
a part of Tae Young's life.
because I swear
that boy has changed mine
for the better.
I know that
he might get his talent.
charm. wit. devilish looks
from his pops.
but...
it's because of you that
he's an amazing human being
with a heart of gold.
The only reason
I haven't peeled your ass
like one of these radishes...
is because. frankly...
I have never. ever...
seen Tae Young as happy
as he is when he's around you.
Yeji...
Yeji. I'm sorry.
You can't hurt him again. BJ.
I won't. You have my word.
It's like a K-drama
or something.
Goddamn.
Saweetie was in it
in a white dress.
So she's talking about.
"You need to answer the call."
"I need to answer the call?
You ain't Jesus.
You know what?
I'm answering the call."
I wake up.
I booked the flight and I...
Oh. I got you this
from the airport by the way.
Yeah. there you go.
I tapped in with your mom.
We in the back alley.
She cutting radishes.
I'm like.
"Please forgive me. Yeji."
We both crying in the rain.
All right. fam. we get it.
You're just new
to this whole dad thing.
I mean.
at least you came back.
That's more
than what your dad did.
Whoa.
- Ah.
- My bad.
Tae...
All I ever wanted
was to be a huge star
playing my songs
on the biggest stages.
But the day I met you...
everything changed.
All I could think about was
spending more time with you.
Listen. you're cooler.
more talented. smarter.
somewhat better looking
than I'll ever be.
But you know
the greatest thing of all?
You got heart.
Yeah.
I want you to know
I'ma always have your back.
And I'm honored
to be your appa.
I love you. man.
I love you too. Pops.
That's my dawg.
So. are you ready?
Yeah.
-All right.
-Wait. Ready for what?
Jesus Christ.
You're on a show
called Wildcard.
-You're a finalist. Okay.
-Oh! Right.
Yeah. sure.
Doesn't sound like it to me.
I guess we should just
pack it up and go home. right?
'Cause it doesn't seem
like he's ready at all.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay. Now with your chest.
-Yeah!
-Now with the diaphragm. Yeah!
Yeah!
Top of the morning. comrades.
Your presence
has been requested today
because little Tae Young here
has enlisted your help
for the final performance.
So in order to succeed
in this finale.
you're gonna need
three things.
Number one. a K-pop banger.
Something with a message
and a nasty groove.
Number two. iconic drip.
I'm talkin' show up
and show out.
We ain't gotta do too much.
But you gotta understand.
the flashing lights is on you.
So you gotta throw on
your hater blockers
and stay focused.
It's time to execute.
And lastly.
a world-class show.
From choreo to pyro.
I'm talking
jaw-dropping spectacle
like no other.
I want that audience
falling out of their seats
and tumbling into the aisles.
This ain't no show!
It's an experience.
Now. some of you
may have been eliminated.
but you still have a chance
to be a part of history.
Guys. what are you doing?
Come on.
Yo! Yeah.
Nice.
Showbiz kid. y'all.
We got this. Yep.
-Let me get a solo.
-No.
Okay.
BJ. what are you doing here?
You gonna have to translate
what he said later
because I didn't like
how he said it.
Yo!
-Mom? What?
-Hi. baby.
- What are you doing here?
- Oh. honey. Came to see you.
Look who
they let through customs.
-Did you gain weight?
-No! It's a little tight.
It's Korean fit.
Well. TY.
meet your grandma. Brenda.
and your uncle. Cash.
Oh. actually
your step-grandpa.
Step what?
Me and Brenda...
-Just playing. bro.
-You're not gonna tell him
about us?
-Huh?
-Just joking too!
So gullible. man.
You know I wouldn't miss
my grandbaby's
final performance.
I'm coming in.
Come on and hug your nana.
Big fan.
Oh. he's so handsome.
You know. in person.
he doesn't look Samoan at all.
This a Black boy.
Yeah. my genes are strong.
Told you.
Hello. baby. Hug your grandma.
- Aw.
- Mm-hmm.
Yeji.
You are just as cute as ever.
Cuter than all
his other girlfriends.
Boy only had two.
Come on in here. girl.
You know what?
You were too good for him
back then. so it's good
you fled the country.
-Mom. can you stop?
-Okay. I'm just saying.
It's the truth. Anyway.
we're all here with Tae Young.
Hey. baby I'm gonna make you
some collard greens...
Let's do it. Y'all ready?
Let's bring it in.
Put 'em all in. Jack.
Oh. you're so cute.
You look better in person
than on TV.
I'm real proud of you guys.
Y'all are family.
BNB...
...on three.
One. two. three!
Kang!
We're cooked.
How do we follow that?
♪ I only come out
In the night ♪
Holy smokes.
♪ I only come out
In the night ♪
Okay. a little dry ice.
sleek visuals.
tight formation.
And tight abs.
-He's not Beyoncé.
-Or Janet Jackson.
Janet Jackson.
I'd be screaming.
You're gonna be all right.
Come on. Let's lock in.
It's time. It's time.
-Come on. Come with me.
-Just one more peek!
-Tae! We love you. Tae!
-We love you!
Two. three. four.
Tae Young!
♪ For certainty ♪
♪ Love's not black
White. brown or burgundy ♪
♪ It's plain to see ♪
♪ But all the colors combine
And it comes right back
To me ♪
♪ Take a look outside ♪
♪ And breathe the air
Look around ♪
♪ Love is everywhere ♪
♪ Just look to your side ♪
♪ I will be there
Look around ♪
♪ Love is everywhere
Everywhere ♪
Go. baby!
Come on!
♪ Take a look outside ♪
♪ And breathe the air
Look around ♪
♪ Love is everywhere ♪
♪ Just look to your side ♪
♪ I will be there
Look around ♪
♪ Love is everywhere
Everywhere ♪
Tae Young!
Tae Young! Tae Young!
Let's see how the cards fall.
Come on. Tae Young.
You got this. Tae.
Please. please. please.
Kang.
What?
Yeah!
Oh. my God.
Kang wins!
-Yeah!
-Kang won the show Wildcard.
That's unbelievable.
Wow.
Tae Young lost?
Oh. my God!
You know what I think?
I think
the whole thing was rigged.
Diamond probably got pissed
'cause I quit the Saudi gig.
Damn.
My team's gonna hate me now.
-Sorry to let you down. Dad.
-Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Don't talk like that.
No one's gonna hate you.
and you ain't got nothing
to be sorry about. okay?
Listen. man.
no matter
where I'm at in the world.
I'd drop everything
just to be here with you
and watch you lose.
Nah. but seriously...
being your dad's the best gig
I could ever have.
Mm-hmm.
Thanks. Dad.
You got it. champ.
-Super cool. right?
-It was super cool.
When you hopped on the drums.
they went crazy.
And I got to
keep the watch too.
- What are you guys doing?
- Ooh.
Waiting on ice cream.
-Nice.
-Thanks. Mom.
Oh. yeah.
By the way. surprise!
I added a few pictures
to your scrapbook.
Hope you don't mind. Yeah.
I know you saw all these.
but have you ever seen...
- this?
- Mmm!
-Is that Mom?
-Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
I had an emo phase.
- Geez.
Look at me.
Young Lenny Kravitz.
Young Lenny Kravitz's
magician.
There's your grandma
and your grandpa
before he passed.
And last but not least...
You kept that?
I keep all your drawings.
Come on.
Gotta know where you've been
in order to know
where you're going. right?
-Mm-hmm. yeah.
-Hey.
looks like the best
is yet to come. huh?
Aw. yeah. We should add
some family pictures.
Oh. wouldn't that be sweet?
-I'm sorry.
-Okay.
-I didn't think about it.
Listen--
-Yeah. Run.
-Okay. hold on. Listen.
-I'm about to kick
your ass. BJ!
-Come here!
-Your mom's crazy!